Discover tabs (#3446)
elastic/docs-content: explore-analyze/discover/discover-get-started.md

Reviewer: One thing that might be missing is that you can clear all tabs and start a new Discover session using the "+" button in the application menu bar. This gets you out of the currently open Discover session if there is one and starts a fresh unsaved session, which manually closing open tabs doesn't. Maybe this is clear from other parts of the docs though, I didn't check.

Author: It's actually a bit scary that you can flush your current session without a warning if it has unsaved changes. And if it has never been saved in the 1st place, you also don't get the "unsaved changes" warning. That's cold! 😅

   You can combine multiple keywords or characters. For example, `geo dest` finds `geo.dest` and `geo.src.dest`.
   ::::

>    {applies_to}`stack: ga 9.2` When they exist in your data, Discover shows a small list of recommended fields to explore. This list is static and managed by Elastic.

Author: You can definitely become a writer if you get tired of coding and tech leading :)

Learn more about how to use ES|QL queries in [Using ES|QL](try-esql.md).

### Run multiple explorations with tabs
```{applies_to}
stack: preview 9.2
serverless: preview
```

> **Discover** supports multiple tabs to help you explore different aspects of your data simultaneously. Each tab maintains its own independent state, including the query ({{esql}} or KQL), time range, filters, selected data source, columns and sort order you defined, and the active [context-aware experience](#context-aware-discover).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Discover** supports multiple tabs to help you explore different aspects of your data simultaneously. Each tab maintains its own independent state, including the query ({{esql}} or classic mode), time range, filters, selected data source, columns and sort order you defined, and the active [context-aware experience](#context-aware-discover).
```
Nit: probably fine as is since KQL is most common, but we also support Lucene queries in classic mode if we want to cover both here.

> This allows you to pivot quickly between different explorations without rebuilding everything. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This allows you to pivot quickly between different explorations without losing your place. For example:
```
Nit: might be more accurate since you technically don't have to rebuild things if you save and load Discover sessions, it's just a lot less convenient than tabs. I think this works either way though.

* **Compare time periods:** Open multiple tabs with the same query but different time ranges
* **Test query variations:** Duplicate a tab to experiment with different {{esql}} queries or filters
* **Switch contexts:** Keep separate tabs for logs, metrics, and traces exploration
* **Test a hypothesis:** Switch between different data sources or field combinations

#### Manage Discover tabs

You can open new tabs or duplicate existing ones to compare different queries:

> - To start a fresh exploration in a new tab, select the {icon}`plus` icon next to existing tabs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To start a fresh exploration in a new tab, select the {icon}`plus` icon next to the existing tabs.
```
Nit

- To test variations of your current query in a new tab, hover over a tab and select the {icon}`boxes_vertical` **Actions** icon, then select **Duplicate**.

To manage and organize your tabs, you can: 

> - Rename them: Hover over a tab and select the {icon}`boxes_vertical` **Actions** icon, then select **Rename**.

Reviewer: We also support double clicking on a tab to rename if it's worth mentioning.

> - Rename them: Hover over a tab and select the {icon}`boxes_vertical` **Actions** icon, then select **Rename**.

Reviewer: We also support double clicking on a tab to rename if it's worth mentioning.

- Reorder them: Drag and drop a tab to move it.
- Close them: Hover over a tab and select the {icon}`cross` icon.
- Close several tabs at once: When you hover over a tab and select the {icon}`boxes_vertical` **Actions** icon, options let you **Close other tabs** to keep only the active tab open or **Close tabs to the right** to only keep your first tabs and discard any subsequent tabs.

> - Reopen recently closed tabs: If you close a tab by mistake, you can retrieve it by selecting the {icon}`boxes_vertical` **Tabs bar menu** icon located at the end of the tab bar.

Reviewer: Yeah it's a bit of an odd one and tricky to name. Not 100% sure what to call it yet, but I'm sure we can land on something reasonable. I opened an issue for it here so we don't forget at least: https://github.com/elastic/kibana/issues/239420.

> To keep all of your tabs ready for a later exploration session, you can [Save your Discover session](#save-discover-search). All currently open tabs are saved within the session and will be there when you open it later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To keep all of your tabs for later, you can [Save your Discover session](#save-discover-search). All currently open tabs are saved within the session and will be there when you open it again.
```
Nit: I felt "exploration session" followed by "Discover session" flowed oddly, then I changed it and thought "later" twice had a weird flow too 😅 Minor nit though, fine to leave as is too.

> To keep all of your tabs ready for a later exploration session, you can [Save your Discover session](#save-discover-search). All currently open tabs are saved within the session and will be there when you open it later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To keep all of your tabs for later, you can [Save your Discover session](#save-discover-search). All currently open tabs are saved within the session and will be there when you open it again.
```
Nit: I felt "exploration session" followed by "Discover session" flowed oddly, then I changed it and thought "later" twice had a weird flow too 😅 Minor nit though, fine to leave as is too.
